1. Download the Oppo_Free_Unlock_v1.0.zip file from this link - https://mega.nz/file/dUkSxSQS#UbZ82aaef9VBZUOLa8u-yU-Srdu6I0AGufEx02KSoqM , then extract them . virustotal scan 1/63 ,should be safe to download- https://www.virustotal.com/gui/file...9cde13034cdbd8b834855eae8594d166037/detection
2. You need to enable Developer Options and USB Debugging.
Now you need to change some setting in your windows computer .
3.Open Device Manager and expand the Network Adapters category.
4.Disable all your ethernet adapters except the wifi adapter .
5.Click on the action tab, then choose add legacy hardware.
6.Click next.
7.Choose install the hardware that I manually select from a list (Advanced) and click next.
8.Click network adapters, then click next.
9.Select Microsoft and choose Microsoft KM-TEST Loopback Adapter, then click next.
10.Click next, then click finish.
11.In the device manager,browse the Network adapters and double click on Microsoft KM-TEST Loopback Adapter to open its properties.
12. Go to the Advanced tab and find the Network Address option
13.Click the blank chackbox and paste 704D7B61ABCD in the text box .
14.Close the properties window and close Device Manager.
15.Go to where you extracted the unlock tools. Open Sec5.exe.
16.Make sure your device is in MTP mode, and then press the Unlock button.
17.After about a second, a string of numbers and letters should show up in the left pane. A few seconds later, "OK" should start flashing in the right pane. Press "Stop unlocking" and close the window.
18. Open the phone app on your device and dial *#3954391#. Then dial *#391#. A screen should come up with a whole bunch of regions listed. Take a look which region is marked in green, this is your current region .Write it that you can go back if you want .
19. Now you can choose any region you want, I tested two, "IN INDIA" AND "MULTILINGUAL VERSION EX"
Your phone should now reboot. Once it's rebooted, your region will have changed .
Every time you changed region and want to change it again you need to use the software .You can get a code that you can use every time to change the region instead of using this software every time . Update- one person report that this code(token) wont work for every time as his STAMP code changed .
For this you need to .
Open the dialer app , dial *#9434# ,press authtokendecrypt .You will see a IMEI and STAMP. Open the Sec5.exe and write the IMEI and STAMP shown on your phone in the blank space of the IMEI and STAMP in the software and press Generate a token, you will see a string of numbers and letters, write it on the token blank text box and click authtokendecrypt .Now you will see every text written in green .Now you can follow the steps in the guide, but do only step 11 and 12 .The Token that the software gave you is the same code that you need to enter in the *#9434# every time you want to change region so you do not need to use the software ever again .